Adds submission directions for recursion (#4)
Ada-Developers-Academy/core-interlude: recursion/problem-set-submit.checkpoint.md

# Problem Set Submission

Instructors provide code feedback through pull requests.

In order to get code feedback on [Problem Set: Recursion Pt. 1](problem-set-recursion-pt-1.md) and [Problem Set: Recursion Pt. 2](problem-set-recursion-pt-2.md), follow these directions:

> 1. Fork [this repo, `core-problem-set-recursion`](https://github.com/AdaGold/core-problem-set-recursion) to your GitHub account

Reviewer: Is it intentionally to have them fork directly off of AdaGold? I'm not opposed to this, and it will help Accelerate (since right now we would be planning to run accelerate's interlude from main). If this gets changed to Ada-C15, we'd need to branch interlude for accelerate, as we have done for core-projects.

Author: Just to repeat what I mentioned on Slack--

Let's play it out and fork off AdaGold. I think there's pros and cons to this, but for now, let's try it. I'd like to see it break on this assignment, if anything :P

1. Clone your repo

> 1. Open `recursion.py`

Reviewer: The repo doesn't have `recursion.py`. It has `part-1.py` and `part-2.py`
```suggestion
1. Open `part-1.py` and `part-2.py`
```

> There are comments in this file to designate where and how to put your solutions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are comments in these files to designate where and how to put your solutions.
```

> 1. **Copy and paste** your solutions from [Problem Set: Recursion Pt. 1](problem-set-recursion-pt-1.md) and [Problem Set: Recursion Pt. 2](problem-set-recursion-pt-2.md) into this file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Copy and paste** your solutions from [Problem Set: Recursion Pt. 1](problem-set-recursion-pt-1.md) and [Problem Set: Recursion Pt. 2](problem-set-recursion-pt-2.md) into these files
```

1. Commit and push your work to your repo
1. Create a pull request
1. Submit your PR URL below

## Submit Work for Feedback

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
### !challenge
* type: short-answer
* id: sJEYtp
* title: Pull Request for Feedback
* points: 3
* topics: python, flask
##### !question

> Make a pull request against the [repo `core-problem-set-recursion`](https://github.com/AdaGold/core-problem-set-recursion) (see directions above). Place the URL of the pull request here.

Reviewer: another reference to AdaGold here

##### !end-question
##### !placeholder

The URL to your pull request: https://github.com/<some-ada-repo>/<project-name>/pulls/<pull-request>

##### !end-placeholder
##### !answer

/.+/

##### !end-answer
### !end-challenge

> <!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

Reviewer: Does Learn automatically add the "That’s the end! When you’re ready, submit this assessment at the top of the page." message?
